README.md, before:

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
	Catppuccin for <a href="https://imhex.werwolv.net/">ImHex</a>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/imhex/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/catppuccin/imhex?colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/imhex/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/catppuccin/imhex?colorA=363a4f&colorB=f5a97f&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/imhex/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/imhex?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<img src="./assets/preview.webp"/>
</p>

## Previews

<details>
<summary>🌻 Latte</summary>
<img src="./assets/latte.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🪴 Frappé</summary>
<img src="./assets/frappe.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌺 Macchiato</summary>
<img src="./assets/macchiato.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌿 Mocha</summary>
<img src="./assets/mocha.webp"/>
</details>

## Usage

1. Clone this repository locally
2. Copy the `catppuccin-*.json` files into:
    - **Windows**: `%LocalAppData%\imhex\themes`
    - **Linux**: `~/.local/share/imhex/themes`

   If these directories don't work for you, please check what paths are detected in ImHex via:  
   `Help -> About -> ImHex Directories -> Themes`.
4. In **ImHex**: `Help > Settings > Interface > Color Theme > (your preferred flavor)`

## 🙋 FAQ

- Q: **_"What is the font used in the preview?"_**\
  A: [MesloLGS NF](https://github.com/romkatv/powerlevel10k#how-was-the-recommended-font-created) with font size set to 16.

- Q: **_"Where is the code used in the preview from?"_**\
  A: The sample code comes from [this repository](https://github.com/var-username/Monster-Hunter-Frontier-Patterns).

	

## 💝 Thanks to

- [Doriel Rivalet](https://github.com/DorielRivalet)

&nbsp;

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" />
</p>

<p align="center">
	Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a>
</p>

Commit message:

docs(README): add contributing section

README.md, after:

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
	Catppuccin for <a href="https://imhex.werwolv.net/">ImHex</a>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/imhex/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/catppuccin/imhex?colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/imhex/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/catppuccin/imhex?colorA=363a4f&colorB=f5a97f&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/imhex/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/imhex?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<img src="./assets/preview.webp"/>
</p>

## Previews

<details>
<summary>🌻 Latte</summary>
<img src="./assets/latte.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🪴 Frappé</summary>
<img src="./assets/frappe.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌺 Macchiato</summary>
<img src="./assets/macchiato.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌿 Mocha</summary>
<img src="./assets/mocha.webp"/>
</details>

## Usage

1. Download your preferred flavour from the
   [latest release](https://github.com/catppuccin/imhex/releases/latest) or
   from the [latest build](https://github.com/catppuccin/imhex/actions/workflows/build.yml).
2. Move the `catppuccin-*.json` files into:
    - **Windows**: `%LocalAppData%\imhex\themes`
    - **Linux**: `~/.local/share/imhex/themes`

   If these directories don't work for you, please check what paths are detected in ImHex via:  
   `Help -> About -> ImHex Directories -> Themes`.
3. In **ImHex**: `Help -> Settings -> Interface -> Color Theme -> (your preferred flavour)`

## 🙋 FAQ

- Q: **_"What is the font used in the preview?"_**\
  A: [MesloLGS NF](https://github.com/romkatv/powerlevel10k#how-was-the-recommended-font-created) with font size set to 16.

- Q: **_"Where is the code used in the preview from?"_**\
  A: The sample code comes from [this repository](https://github.com/var-username/Monster-Hunter-Frontier-Patterns).

## 👐 Contributing

1. Install requirements via `pip install -r src/pip-requirements.txt`
2. Generate the JSON files via `python src/make_flavours.py`. The files will be generated under the `build/` directory.

## 💝 Thanks to

- [Doriel Rivalet](https://github.com/DorielRivalet)

&nbsp;

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" />
</p>

<p align="center">
	Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a>
</p>
